LANGS.md, before:

# Supported Languages
Special codes: `und` (Undetermined)

| Language name | ISO 639-3 code |
| :------------ | :-------------: |
| Abkhazian | abk |
| Achinese | ace |
| Adzera | adz |
| Afrikaans | afr |
| Assyrian Neo-Aramaic | aii |
| Yanesha' | ame |
| Amharic | amh |
| Amarakaeri | amr |
| Arabic | ara |
| Arabela | arl |
| Mapudungun | arn |
| Assamese | asm |
| Central Aymara | ayr |
| Azerbaijani | aze |
| Bashkir | bak |
| Bavarian | bar |
| Central Bikol | bcl |
| Belarusian | bel |
| Bengali | ben |
| Bora | boa |
| Tibetan | bod |
| Bishnupriya | bpy |
| Breton | bre |
| Bulgarian | bul |
| Catalan | cat |
| Candoshi-Shapra | cbu |
| Min Dong Chinese | cdo |
| Cebuano | ceb |
| Czech | ces |
| Chechen | che |
| Chuukese | chk |
| Choctaw | cho |
| Cherokee | chr |
| Chuvash | chv |
| Cheyenne | chy |
| Central Kurdish | ckb |
| Mandarin Chinese | cmn |
| Hakha Chin | cnh |
| Cornish | cor |
| Corsican | cos |
| Welsh | cym |
| Danish | dan |
| German | deu |
| Southwestern Dinka | dik |
| Dimli (individual language) | diq |
| Dhivehi | div |
| Modern Greek (1453-) | ell |
| English | eng |
| Esperanto | epo |
| Estonian | est |
| Basque | eus |
| Ewe | ewe |
| Extremaduran | ext |
| Faroese | fao |
| Fijian | fij |
| Finnish | fin |
| Fon | fon |
| French | fra |
| Western Frisian | fry |
| West Central Oromo | gaz |
| Scottish Gaelic | gla |
| Irish | gle |
| Galician | glg |
| Manx | glv |
| Goan Konkani | gom |
| Guarani | grn |
| Swiss German | gsw |
| Gujarati | guj |
| Haitian | hat |
| Serbo-Croatian | hbs |
| Hebrew | heb |
| Hindi | hin |
| Hiri Motu | hmo |
| Upper Sorbian | hsb |
| Hungarian | hun |
| Huastec | hus |
| Murui Huitoto | huu |
| Armenian | hye |
| Igbo | ibo |
| Ido | ido |
| Inuktitut | iku |
| Iloko | ilo |
| Interlingua (International Auxiliary Language Association) | ina |
| Icelandic | isl |
| Italian | ita |
| Ingrian | izh |
| Japanese | jpn |
| Kachin | kac |
| Kalaallisut | kal |
| Kannada | kan |
| Georgian | kat |
| Kazakh | kaz |
| Kabardian | kbd |
| Kabiyè | kbp |
| Khanty | kca |
| Khmer | khm |
| Kirghiz | kir |
| Northern Kurdish | kmr |
| Central Kanuri | knc |
| Komi-Permyak | koi |
| Korean | kor |
| Komi-Zyrian | kpv |
| Karachay-Balkar | krc |
| Kölsch | ksh |
| Lao | lao |
| Latin | lat |
| Latvian | lav |
| Lingala | lin |
| Lithuanian | lit |
| Liv | liv |
| Lombard | lmo |
| Luxembourgish | ltz |
| Ludian | lud |
| Ganda | lug |
| Luo (Kenya and Tanzania) | luo |
| Lushai | lus |
| Malayalam | mal |
| Marathi | mar |
| Sharanahua | mcd |
| Matsés | mcf |
| Moksha | mdf |
| Eastern Mari | mhr |
| Macedonian | mkd |
| Malagasy | mlg |
| Maltese | mlt |
| Mansi | mns |
| Mongolian | mon |
| Maori | mri |
| Western Mari | mrj |
| Malay (macrolanguage) | msa |
| Mirandese | mwl |
| Burmese | mya |
| Erzya | myv |
| Navajo | nav |
| Nepali (macrolanguage) | nep |
| Central Nahuatl | nhn |
| Nganasan | nio |
| Dutch | nld |
| Norwegian Nynorsk | nno |
| Norwegian Bokmål | nob |
| Pedi | nso |
| Nuer | nus |
| Occitan (post 1500) | oci |
| Livvi | olo |
| Oriya (macrolanguage) | ori |
| Ossetian | oss |
| Pangasinan | pag |
| Pampanga | pam |
| Panjabi | pan |
| Southern Pashto | pbt |
| Iranian Persian | pes |
| Pfaelzisch | pfl |
| Pali | pli |
| Piemontese | pms |
| Western Panjabi | pnb |
| Polish | pol |
| Pohnpeian | pon |
| Portuguese | por |
| Quechua | que |
| Romansh | roh |
| Romanian | ron |
| Russian | rus |
| Sango | sag |
| Yakut | sah |
| Santali | sat |
| Sicilian | scn |
| Samogitian | sgs |
| Shilluk | shk |
| Shan | shn |
| Sinhala | sin |
| Kildin Sami | sjd |
| Kemi Sami | sjk |
| Ume Sami | sju |
| Slovak | slk |
| Slovenian | slv |
| Southern Sami | sma |
| Northern Sami | sme |
| Lule Sami | smj |
| Inari Sami | smn |
| Skolt Sami | sms |
| Shona | sna |
| Sindhi | snd |
| Somali | som |
| Southern Sotho | sot |
| Spanish | spa |
| Albanian | sqi |
| Sardinian | srd |
| Swahili (macrolanguage) | swa |
| Swedish | swe |
| Tamil | tam |
| Tatar | tat |
| Ticuna | tca |
| Telugu | tel |
| Tetum | tet |
| Tajik | tgk |
| Tagalog | tgl |
| Thai | tha |
| Tigrinya | tir |
| Tsonga | tso |
| Turkmen | tuk |
| Turkish | tur |
| Twi | twi |
| Tzeltal | tzh |
| Udmurt | udm |
| Uighur | uig |
| Ukrainian | ukr |
| Undetermined | und |
| Urarina | ura |
| Urdu | urd |
| Northern Uzbek | uzn |
| Vietnamese | vie |
| Vlaams | vls |
| Volapük | vol |
| Votic | vot |
| Waray (Philippines) | war |
| Walloon | wln |
| Mingrelian | xmf |
| Yiddish | yid |
| Yoruba | yor |
| Nenets | yrk |
| Zulu | zul |

Commit message:

New lang code 'zxx' (no linguistic information)
Change predictions of text without any alphabetical/logographical
character from 'und' to 'zxx'. Now 'und' is only used for predictions
under confidence threshold. This way would be easier to distinguish text
that is just rubbish from running text that cannot be identified with
confidence.

LANGS.md, after:

# Supported Languages
Special codes:
 - `und` (Undetermined): used when language could not be determined due to confidence thresholds.
 - `zxx` (no linguistic content): the text does not contain any alphabetical, logographical or syllabic characters that can be used to identify the language.

| Language name | ISO 639-3 code |
| :------------ | :-------------: |
| Abkhazian | abk |
| Achinese | ace |
| Adzera | adz |
| Afrikaans | afr |
| Assyrian Neo-Aramaic | aii |
| Yanesha' | ame |
| Amharic | amh |
| Amarakaeri | amr |
| Arabic | ara |
| Arabela | arl |
| Mapudungun | arn |
| Assamese | asm |
| Central Aymara | ayr |
| Azerbaijani | aze |
| Bashkir | bak |
| Bavarian | bar |
| Central Bikol | bcl |
| Belarusian | bel |
| Bengali | ben |
| Bora | boa |
| Tibetan | bod |
| Bishnupriya | bpy |
| Breton | bre |
| Bulgarian | bul |
| Catalan | cat |
| Candoshi-Shapra | cbu |
| Min Dong Chinese | cdo |
| Cebuano | ceb |
| Czech | ces |
| Chechen | che |
| Chuukese | chk |
| Choctaw | cho |
| Cherokee | chr |
| Chuvash | chv |
| Cheyenne | chy |
| Central Kurdish | ckb |
| Mandarin Chinese | cmn |
| Hakha Chin | cnh |
| Cornish | cor |
| Corsican | cos |
| Welsh | cym |
| Danish | dan |
| German | deu |
| Southwestern Dinka | dik |
| Dimli (individual language) | diq |
| Dhivehi | div |
| Modern Greek (1453-) | ell |
| English | eng |
| Esperanto | epo |
| Estonian | est |
| Basque | eus |
| Ewe | ewe |
| Extremaduran | ext |
| Faroese | fao |
| Fijian | fij |
| Finnish | fin |
| Fon | fon |
| French | fra |
| Western Frisian | fry |
| West Central Oromo | gaz |
| Scottish Gaelic | gla |
| Irish | gle |
| Galician | glg |
| Manx | glv |
| Goan Konkani | gom |
| Guarani | grn |
| Swiss German | gsw |
| Gujarati | guj |
| Haitian | hat |
| Serbo-Croatian | hbs |
| Hebrew | heb |
| Hindi | hin |
| Hiri Motu | hmo |
| Upper Sorbian | hsb |
| Hungarian | hun |
| Huastec | hus |
| Murui Huitoto | huu |
| Armenian | hye |
| Igbo | ibo |
| Ido | ido |
| Inuktitut | iku |
| Iloko | ilo |
| Interlingua (International Auxiliary Language Association) | ina |
| Icelandic | isl |
| Italian | ita |
| Ingrian | izh |
| Japanese | jpn |
| Kachin | kac |
| Kalaallisut | kal |
| Kannada | kan |
| Georgian | kat |
| Kazakh | kaz |
| Kabardian | kbd |
| Kabiyè | kbp |
| Khanty | kca |
| Khmer | khm |
| Kirghiz | kir |
| Northern Kurdish | kmr |
| Central Kanuri | knc |
| Komi-Permyak | koi |
| Korean | kor |
| Komi-Zyrian | kpv |
| Karachay-Balkar | krc |
| Kölsch | ksh |
| Lao | lao |
| Latin | lat |
| Latvian | lav |
| Lingala | lin |
| Lithuanian | lit |
| Liv | liv |
| Lombard | lmo |
| Luxembourgish | ltz |
| Ludian | lud |
| Ganda | lug |
| Luo (Kenya and Tanzania) | luo |
| Lushai | lus |
| Malayalam | mal |
| Marathi | mar |
| Sharanahua | mcd |
| Matsés | mcf |
| Moksha | mdf |
| Eastern Mari | mhr |
| Macedonian | mkd |
| Malagasy | mlg |
| Maltese | mlt |
| Mansi | mns |
| Mongolian | mon |
| Maori | mri |
| Western Mari | mrj |
| Malay (macrolanguage) | msa |
| Mirandese | mwl |
| Burmese | mya |
| Erzya | myv |
| Navajo | nav |
| Nepali (macrolanguage) | nep |
| Central Nahuatl | nhn |
| Nganasan | nio |
| Dutch | nld |
| Norwegian Nynorsk | nno |
| Norwegian Bokmål | nob |
| Pedi | nso |
| Nuer | nus |
| Occitan (post 1500) | oci |
| Livvi | olo |
| Oriya (macrolanguage) | ori |
| Ossetian | oss |
| Pangasinan | pag |
| Pampanga | pam |
| Panjabi | pan |
| Southern Pashto | pbt |
| Iranian Persian | pes |
| Pfaelzisch | pfl |
| Pali | pli |
| Piemontese | pms |
| Western Panjabi | pnb |
| Polish | pol |
| Pohnpeian | pon |
| Portuguese | por |
| Quechua | que |
| Romansh | roh |
| Romanian | ron |
| Russian | rus |
| Sango | sag |
| Yakut | sah |
| Santali | sat |
| Sicilian | scn |
| Samogitian | sgs |
| Shilluk | shk |
| Shan | shn |
| Sinhala | sin |
| Kildin Sami | sjd |
| Kemi Sami | sjk |
| Ume Sami | sju |
| Slovak | slk |
| Slovenian | slv |
| Southern Sami | sma |
| Northern Sami | sme |
| Lule Sami | smj |
| Inari Sami | smn |
| Skolt Sami | sms |
| Shona | sna |
| Sindhi | snd |
| Somali | som |
| Southern Sotho | sot |
| Spanish | spa |
| Albanian | sqi |
| Sardinian | srd |
| Swahili (macrolanguage) | swa |
| Swedish | swe |
| Tamil | tam |
| Tatar | tat |
| Ticuna | tca |
| Telugu | tel |
| Tetum | tet |
| Tajik | tgk |
| Tagalog | tgl |
| Thai | tha |
| Tigrinya | tir |
| Tsonga | tso |
| Turkmen | tuk |
| Turkish | tur |
| Twi | twi |
| Tzeltal | tzh |
| Udmurt | udm |
| Uighur | uig |
| Ukrainian | ukr |
| Undetermined | und |
| Urarina | ura |
| Urdu | urd |
| Northern Uzbek | uzn |
| Vietnamese | vie |
| Vlaams | vls |
| Volapük | vol |
| Votic | vot |
| Waray (Philippines) | war |
| Walloon | wln |
| Mingrelian | xmf |
| Yiddish | yid |
| Yoruba | yor |
| Nenets | yrk |
| Zulu | zul |
| No linguistic content | zxx |
